[Music]
today's video is sponsored by vincero
who wants you to look your best vincero
makes the best watches and sunglasses
that you can afford and look classy
products built to last and loved by many
30 000 5 star reviews towards these
products just like this apex rose gold
and black i just got it it looks so good
you're just going to stare at it at
different times in the day not to
mention the sunglasses right here my mom
likes them so much she adopted mine
vincero is celebrating their seventh
anniversary which in turn means this is
their biggest sale in ventura history
take advantage and copy something that
looks nice and feels nice and didn't
break the bank go to ventura
venturacollective.com spooky7 and cop
yourself something that fits you as soon
as you check out you got 30 off
automatically plus a 5 year warranty and
a 365 day return policy it's too easy to
look clean venturacollective.com
spooky7 get yourself some gear 30 off
automatically plus a 5 year warranty and
365 day return policy thanks for vincero
for sponsoring today's video
here we have death bell 2 bloody camp
don't worry about death bell 1 it don't
exist right now it's not even related
this movie is very similar to both
dongan ropa and 13 reasons why students
trapped in the school by a murdering
mastermind and they only get to leave if
they figure out why they're locked in in
the first place check we learned the
truth behind the suicide of a student
two years prior and how other students
have caused the suicide check you can
find this movie on to be oh and uh i
want to apologize if i sound obnoxious
or anything in this video that's not my
intention you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown cue to gohan
the movie begins with a hundred meter
dash the winner is chong tae yoon the
swimmer celebrates her win with her
geeky stepsister in the crowd so
remember these two characters okay
taiyun and see he two stepsisters it's
an excellent transition to the present
day now my first watch i thought this
was taeyun but it isn't she is the girl
who is second in the race sometime after
this picture was taken taeyun is
murdered by pierce her spirit attacks
this girl in the pool late at night
making her presence known rather than
simply trying to harm her so this is the
last time we see the spirit of taeyun
until the end of the movie they don't
mention it at all but two years pass
after the death of taeyun everybody is
taking a test test taking in schools in
south korea or japan seem more stressful
than finals in college maybe it's just
like a drama or a tv thing a clumsy new
teacher pops in the classroom like a
noodle head i'm surprised nobody bust
out laughing not even a live starter the
guys who would verbally say
just to induce laughter this is c he and
she was the one having the nightmare of
taeyun getting murdered by a ghost
bleeding all over a test the clumsy
teacher assistant named miss park wants
to take her to the nurse but test taking
in his school is strict you can't leave
miss park gets overwhelmed by the korean
version of mr dikkovic from spider-man
2. instead of rent he wants her
attention ms park is a new teacher and
is nervous in front of her students
she's put to the test immediately when
kids are passing pictures i didn't
realize y'all kids were so bad down in
good old korea feel like i'm watching to
serve with love for that movie with
morgan freeman where he used to be crazy
joe before becoming batman here is c he
who is bullied by jin yoon often from
here on out ji yoon will be known as
bully girl see he is basically max
caulfield except she's a brat summer
break is about to start soon but the top
30 students in the class are basically
going to be in a summer camp where they
can study for their university entrance
exams that sounds so stressful
university entrance exams
the top 30 are basically the super high
school level students in the school who
all have little common sense yes see
you're going to stop looking like you
stop looking slow you're smart it's
tough at home for her especially since
her stepsister is dead now she has
nightmares about her sister's death ones
where her sister is a creature and dies
etc soon the top 30 students make their
way to the school for their summer camp
of course one of the teachers they must
speak to is a pervert that asks the
ladies weird questions hence the face
she makes in response to his weird
questions oh yeah this student is
basically the minetta of the story
earlier he was taking pictures of girls
during swim practice i actually knew a
guy that used to do stuff like that at
work weirdo q in the study montage where
all the kids commit their brain power to
getting in college all the studying
y'all doing is very unhealthy i'd rather
fail a test and do all that but that's
the pressures of university entrance
exams i suppose people don't realize
that see he was the stepsister of tae
yoon the girl who won the 100 meter dash
and was killed later that night this
random girl is telling insensitive ghost
stories about her right in front of c he
velma doesn't like that and leaves after
voicing her anger she goes to the
bathroom and takes pills and immediately
starts falling into an urban legend hair
growing all over her and then blood
falls on her like carrie turns out it
was just a hallucination because she
didn't take her pills right away i'm
gonna tell you this right now she feels
guilty this is why she didn't want any
insensitive rumors to be spread
meanwhile this woman here is the swim
coach she's also there at the summer
camp the pervert teacher sneaks on her
at this point i genuinely think he's not
going to be a killer but he's a weirdo
who should have been fired ages ago soon
the coach goes to the shower thinking mr
pervert is stalking her again the lights
get shut out and somebody shines the
light in her face before slamming her
head into the glass first victim is the
swim coach oh [ __ ]
you know now that i realized that i
didn't
i didn't put this in the script but
there is no reason why she should be
dead this student right here is the
girlfriend of jk jk is the one to be
rapper whose name is retroactively short
for jaju sakaizen an anime i've never
seen before they agreed to meet up
someplace secret to do what high school
couples secretly do but he's nowhere to
be found in his dark scary hideout in
fact she's grabbed a hella hard out of
nowhere by him wearing a mask and then
they do the dirty mr pervert that weird
teacher leaves like he said he would to
this to his teachers he said he would
leave and so he effectively locks all
the students in the school with a killer
you never ever see this man again for
the remainder of the movie his only
purpose was to be a weirdo and lock the
students in unknowingly with a killer
meanwhile that killer has kidnapped that
girl and is stitching her all over
basically torture this is the girl that
was doing the dirty with jk students
have all fallen asleep while studying
you all study harder than university
students and y'all are trying to get
into university regardless they all wake
up soon to discover things are all weird
above this girl she notices blood has
been leaking from the ceiling a body
drops down below a male voice goes on
the intercom in the panic the mastermind
says students will die one by one
cap
only the students who figure out why
they are being hunted will escape alive
sounds like a job for detective spooky
backseat detective
psych you thought this mystery could be
solved by abbott and costello not to
mention the mastermind doesn't give the
students any chance to figure out the
mystery other than solving fake sawtraps
to get guilty people out of the traps
like who cares they're guilty the
student that was hanging dies when she
finally falls to the ground all of the
students run out of the exit
[ __ ] going crazy down the steps
well the students are all locked in each
and every door is locked miss park
promises the students to figure out
what's going on but then a video feed
shows a body lying in the hallway that's
jk
someone at the end of the hallway is on
his motorbike which has been fitted with
spikes jk has to run but the killer
clips him he is killed after that spike
hits him many times repeatedly just
slicing him back and forth like that
girl from hostile too this is the best
scene in the movie hands down suddenly
out of nowhere the other teacher mr cha
comes and wonders what is going on they
can't leave because mr pervert had the
keys before he left there are no signals
to call for help and they are locked in
rumors are starting to spread that the
ghost of taeyun the girl who died after
winning that hundred meter race is
killing everybody
because ghosts can definitely drive
bikes and slam heads into walls now i'm
gonna call this guy right here yusuke
yurimeshi he knows that no ghost is
causing all of this because he's the
spirit detective
suddenly though velma starts to feel
ants all over her and stabbing herself
all over with a pin that's not gonna get
rid of ants she starts frothing at the
mouth and throws up blood before dying i
don't like seeing death like that turns
out she ate the wrong medication in
other words a killer planted the wrong
pills and it killed her when she didn't
take the correct pills soon yusuke
accuses mr cha
you do look mighty suspicious mr cha but
if it is him i don't think he's doing it
alone so now we are gonna get into the
backstory as to how see he our main
character met taeyeon her stepsister and
the swimmer in the beginning who died
they are stepsisters so they met how you
would expect new siblings to meet drake
and josh but see he won't even be nice
to her she doesn't want anybody to know
they are sisters why are you being a
brat why taeyun is a very popular girl
at school she's a very good athlete
she's very nice but
for some reason you don't want to be
sisters with her and this is very
inconsistent with c he because she
obviously wants to be popular that's
going to be said
later down the line turns out see he
actually hated her new sister now she
apparently hates her even more because
she feels guilty i don't know you're
supposed to say i wish i would have
loved her not i hate her even more i
hate you bye you're not the main
character anymore tell you it is mr cha
miss park and the students seemingly get
the lights back working however it was
booby-trapped and the students get shot
at with nails apparently bully girl
leaves her room to talk to mr cha for
some reason she mentions to mr cha that
all of the victims that died so far have
something in common they were all at a
specific place at the same time
where something went down mr cha had to
have been there too because he tells her
not to mention it again i repeat mr cha
and billy girl know all about something
that might be the catalyst for the
school lockdown massacre and billy girl
mentions that someone else knows about
it too we flash back to two years ago
she gets a text message and class of a
dead body it was sent by minetta oh
you're so ugly right here don't no no no
no he's a pervert but he's taking
pictures of dead bodies and is using it
to blackmail the killers rather than
turning it into the police i'ma tell you
right now this dead body is taeyun the
swimmer and stepsister of sihi
bully girl has something to do with
their death
everybody who has died so far has
something to do with the death of
taeyeon now this is my problem with the
mastermind
why are you trapping all of these
innocent kids scaring them half to death
scarring them for life when the wide
majority of them have nothing to do with
taeyun's death we know that's what
you're doing you're trying to avenge
your death and you would think see he
would be behind all this but no it's not
don't worry we'll find out who it is
later in the present mr chai goes
hunting for mineta why were you going to
kill mineta just let the killers do it
he was about to kill minetta because he
knows about the event from two years ago
but then he realized mineta had already
been mortally wounded mr cha is
kidnapped next guess he wasn't the
killer after all he was probably paid
off by the kids who did kill taeyun
students are alerted to mr cha and
realized he is trapped they need to
enter a code to get him out of the saw
trap and the code is sprung on various
images each of these images are actually
the killers of taeyun running from the
scene of the crime that were
photographed by mineta long story short
the code is spread out on all the
pictures and it makes an anagram but
they end up being too late to enter it
anyway
and mr chad dies do we care not really
right mr cha starts burning to death
before exploding in front of the kids
whatever the case the killer is someone
in the building the bully girl is
separated from the kids because she
thinks the killer is after her next
everybody that has something to do with
tayun's death is up for grabs now we
will finally figure out what the hell
happened bully girl confesses to miss
park who runs after her worried all the
students who were killed so far used to
be in a study group they were the usual
annoying classmates who people would
consider popular but really have no
substance well while they were drinking
and being idiots taeyeon is showering
after she got done practicing for the
night kind of like how the rapists
influenced matthew and i spit on your
grave the other students influenced this
idiot to rape taeyun but taeyun's power
level is far above this [ __ ] right
here she kicks them off they threaten
her if she tells the police then they're
powerful parents prosecutors will throw
the case out bully girl gets a
well-deserved slap in the face a nice
juicy slap that a lot of people need
today that was a nice sad slap but bully
girl kills taeyeon by slamming her head
into a faucet look if you know me long
enough you know i don't say the b word
especially towards women but bullet girl
is the biggest [ __ ] of 2021 bullied
sexually assaulted and killed someone
kept it a secret with her little click
and then had the nerve to keep bullying
the stepsister of the girl she killed
knowing good and well that they are
stepsisters and now she all scared
this reaction you had right here is the
reaction you should have had when you
killed the girl in the first place and
then you should have called the police
on yourself she tells the whole story to
her teacher miss park
but
suddenly miss park is no longer the
nervous clumsy teacher she speaks with
conviction asking
why did you do this
why are you saying this now
miss park was the mastermind all along
miss park is the mastermind who let
herself be known to the students she
gives all the students 10 minutes to
open a safe with the phone inside to
call the police if they don't open the
safe within 10 minutes they all die
yusuke hee kurabara and kurima all rush
towards the auditorium to stop the
mastermind the mastermind was helped by
the the real mastermind his name is jung
boom the boyfriend of tae yoon in a
flashback to the day of her death we
learned that bully girl tries to frame
the boyfriend by sending him a text from
ted yoon's phone saying she is breaking
up with him here is them being
photographed by mineta to use as
blackmail later
so he discovers his dying girlfriend
she's not dead yet he is at the wrong
place at the wrong time when does his
think he killed her the students who
really had a hand in killing her framed
the boyfriend even more in their
interviews saying stuff like yeah tell
you and she was flirty with the boys
yeah she uh
uh i would kill her i would kill her for
breaking up with me that kind of
[ __ ] [ __ ] off and just like that the
boyfriend is falsely convicted and
sentenced to a mental facility his mom
and sister cry as he is taken away his
sister is the teacher miss park and his
mom she dies from the grief miss park's
role is over she walks out of the
auditorium crying about it only to get
knocked the [ __ ] out by yusuke in the
spirit people i mean
even if you got out of the building you
know you're gonna get arrested right you
admitted you were the mastermind to all
the students and then you just expected
to walk out nearly willy no no ma'am
you're gonna go to jail even if all
these kids died because guess what you
were one of the teachers meant to watch
over these kids and cops can put two and
two together that's why this whole waste
of time planned to kill like five people
was so dumb might as well just kill them
all secretly instead of doing some dang
rope and [ __ ] to a whole class expecting
to walk away crying sorry about that but
you don't see miss park after this at
all the remaining kids all go to the gym
to get the phone out of the safe to call
the police but guess what bully girl is
in a saw trap at the other end of this
contraption is the key needed to open
the safe but in order to get that key
they need to pull it towards the safe
which in turn hangs bully girl alright
smart ones let me let me get you near
the truth let me show you how to do it
take the [ __ ] key
open the safe then take the key out of
the safe and let the key go therefore
bully girl is saved but spooky what if
they couldn't take the key out of the
safe well if that was the case rom they
need to speak up and say so they didn't
even try they just watched their
suffocate hell even when they get the
phone they realize it was a waste of
time anyway because they can't use it so
jung boom lights fire to the entire
school
luckily the students find some axes to
break the locks and use makeshift
explosives to blow the doors down funny
how y'all are only getting that idea now
this is the smartest thing y'all done so
far the students escape but see he is
missing her ass went down to the pool
area thinking about her failures of
being a good sister she imagines
situations with her sister that should
have happened but the mastermind comes
to see her too remember they know each
other because this was her stepsister's
boyfriend so why does he want to kill ce
he asked her if she was a part of her
murder and turns out she may have been
two years ago
ce
was an errand runner in return for being
noticed
by this popular clique in fact see he
saw that they killed her stepsister but
they tell her don't say anything about
it or else she won't be recognized by us
popular kids anymore you go back to
being a lame student see
go to [ __ ] hell who the [ __ ] does
that because this is the thing she did
that she did what they say but guess
what two years later she's still being
bullied by them you saw these kids had
killed your sister and they got you
being quiet about it because you want to
be popular too or something no don't do
this y'all if you're in high school
college work do not do not kiss your
peers ass
to get in with them for any reason
personally i'm mad at the filmmakers for
not explaining this enough like even in
this scene you don't know for sure that
see he saw her sister dead or not the
chronology in this movie is so annoying
sometimes they both push themselves into
the pool with the metal weight luckily
two students come and save the day but
struggle to unlock the lock for lucky
for c he
a ghost from the past comes to save her
this is taeyun aka muzan aka
billie jean's lover taeyun transforms
into how she was and saves her sister
from beyond the grave by unlocking the
metal thing holding her down the movie
ends as sihi floats towards the surface
and the mastermind jung boom and taeyoon
swim off into the afterlife this is
personally my least favorite korean film
we have done so far this masterminds
plan to imprison students who most of
all have nothing no idea or nothing to
do with the real killers is so weird and
forced and then
why kill all the students why did they
threaten to do that why burn down the
school
most of them just came to study for the
test
if they killed all them kids they would
have been 500 times worse than bully
girl and her little bully friends
overall this film felt forced a lot the
mystery is easily solvable by scooby
scooby-doo midway throughout the film
and the masterminds could have came up
with a way better plan this wasn't l or
light here at all it was dog water it
was not bus and bussing let's talk about
the most disturbed moment and most enjoy
moment and that spooky stuff
[Music]
most disturbed moment is taeyun's death
i don't think people realize how easy it
is to die especially in just your any
random bar fight school fight but that
shows why you can't be messing around
with people nowadays now taeyeon was
alive for a while after she hit her head
but these [ __ ] didn't even call the
police at all all of this could have
been avoided most enjoy moment is the
death of jk it was the coolest part of
the movie that functioned like a
danganronpa execution and this is your
cue to go watch some danganronpa if you
uh don't have anything to watch you can
watch cub scouts or belize's playthrough
and you'll get like 90 of the references
i make on this channel and that's it
death bell 2. it's on to be it's not my
favorite but that's just me it's okay i
still liked it here on the left is the
cat a great little horror movie with a
nice little ending i love that movie
actually if you enjoyed this video hope
you liked it like click the like button
and subscribe to stay tuned for more
messed up stuff
thanks for watching spooky out